not imported from akimbo:

packages/textures/skymaps/sharp05/sharp05.zip		duplicate of packages/textures/skymaps/sharp/sharp05.zip
packages/textures/skymaps/egypt1/egypt.zip		duplicate of packages/textures/skymaps/egypt/egypt.zip
packages/maps/--Gema_JumpRun--.cgz.zip			illegal filename
packages/maps/=-Temple-=.cgz.zip			illegal filename
packages/audio/weapon/grenade_bounce1.ogg		not supported for autodownload
packages/audio/weapon/grenade_bounce2.ogg		not supported for autodownload
packages/audio/weapon/grenade_exp.ogg			not supported for autodownload
packages/audio/weapon/grenade_pull.ogg			not supported for autodownload
packages/audio/weapon/grenade_throw.ogg			not supported for autodownload
packages/models/mapmodels/cleaner/cactus/cactus1.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/cleaner/cactus/cactus2.zip	already in main package
mapmodels/cleaner/doors/door001b.zip			already in main package
mapmodels/cleaner/doors/door001.zip			already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/alarmlamp.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/streetlamp.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/platelamp.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/hanging_ladder/ladder_2.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/hanging_ladder/ladder_6.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/hanging_ladder/ladder_low.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/hanging_ladder/ladder_top.zip	already in main package
packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/hanging_ladder/ladder_up.zip	already in main package
packages/textures/skymaps/iceflow/iceflow.zip		already in main package
packages/textures/yourteddybear/minecraft/*		copyright issues
packages/textures/exoduss/text45.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/arab2.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text14.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite1.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text32.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite8.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text22.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/mot190.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text23.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/lol6.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text36.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite6.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text30.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/lol4.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text3.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/lol1.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text27.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/lol2.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text2.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite4.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/stripes.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite7.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text21.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite7.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text37.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite7.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text1.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite3.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text17.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/wall.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text38.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite5.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text28.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/lol3.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text13.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/aztec3.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/wall4.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/text33.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text35.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite2.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text4.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/ground3.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text9.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/floor.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text24.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/lol5.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text8.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/wall10.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text15.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/wall7.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text20.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/wall8.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text29.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/ground2.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text10.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/256-01a.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text7.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/wall9.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text19.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/wall6.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text31.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/granite10.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text18.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/exoduss/wall5.jpg
packages/textures/cleaner/ikbase/ik_floor_conc128a.jpg	duplicate of packages/textures/cube/ikbase/ik_floor_conc128a.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/floor.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/cube/ikbase/ik_floor_conc128a.jpg
packages/textures/bukz/door1.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/3dcafe/door10_a.jpg
packages/textures/bukz/door2.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/3dcafe/door07_a.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/text6.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/cube/dg/muv158.jpg
packages/textures/exoduss/mot190.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/cleaner/dg/mot190.jpg
packages/textures/mitaman/063bois.jpg			duplicate of packages/textures/lemog/063bois.jpg
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/bidon1	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/bidon1     
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/bidon2	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/bidon2
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/caisse01	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/caisse01
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/caisse02	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/caisse02
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/carton1	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/carton1
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/citerne	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/citerne
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/commande1	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/commande1
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/elevateur	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/elevateur
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/palan1	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/palan1
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/palette1	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/palette1
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/passerelle	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/passerelle
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/portique	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/portique
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/poutrelle1	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/poutrelle1
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/rail		duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/rail
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/tuyaux1	duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/tuyaux1
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/boeufmironton/wagon		duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/boeufmironton/wagon
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/sr_persian/wagon		duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/sr_persian/wagon
packages/models/mapmodels/shadowfix/sr_persian/wagon2		duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/sr_persian/wagon2
packages/models/mapmodels/ice/ventflap				duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/jcdpc/ventflap
packages/models/mapmodels/pink/lights/ovallamp			duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/ovallamp
packages/models/mapmodels/halfdoor				duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/dcp/halfdoor
packages/models/mapmodels/fantomas/barsign			duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/fantomas.ua/bar_sign
packages/models/mapmodels/pink/lights/hanginlamp		duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/jcdpc/hanginglamp
packages/models/mapmodels/pink/lights/minelamp			duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/misterfloppy/minelamp
packages/models/mapmodels/ton					duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/ton/up
packages/models/mapmodels/cleaner/gutter_h			duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/cleaner/grates/grate_hor
packages/models/mapmodels/cleaner/gutter_v			duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/cleaner/grates/grate_vert
packages/models/mapmodels/makkes/vase				duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/dcp/vases/vase
packages/models/mapmodels/models/warning_light			duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/cleaner/warning_light
packages/models/mapmodels/europalette2				duplicate of packages/models/mapmodels/makke/pallet_vert

